Update RIP-7560: Explicitly allow 'DELEGATECALL' frames to call entry point callbacks (#61)
ethereum/RIPs: RIPS/rip-7560.md

or causing a reverted execution is considered to fail validation,
and the transaction is rejected and not included on-chain.

These callbacks may be called either by the account directly or inside a `DELEGATECALL` that runs in the context of the account.

> If a callback is called by any other contract during the validation frame, the transaction is rejected and not included on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a callback is called in the context of any other contract during the validation frame, the transaction is rejected and not included on-chain.
```
